exampleSite/content/about/_index.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
date: 2019-10-29T13:49:23+06:00
draft: false

# image
image: "images/author.jpg"

# meta description
description: "this is meta description"

# type
type : "about"
---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet,

consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam

nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Akshay Jain updated exampleSite/content/about/_index.md

exampleSite/content/about/_index.md, after:

---
title: About Me
date: 2022-11-29T03:48:23+00:00
image: uploads/author.JPG
description: Personal Blog of Akshay Jain

---
CS Engineer | MBA Graduate in Marketing | Marketing Agent in Textile Finished Fabrics | What do I like? Meeting new people, sharing new ideas, bowling, and posting new content  

During my college, I was part of a small start-up my colleagues started that organized E-sports offline gaming competitions in different cities. I designed the landing page for our company and played a role in managing all the events. Later, I worked as a Software Testing intern at a local start-up that created a virtual reality walk-in experience similar to the actual one for retail showrooms and shops. You could experience the store and its products even when you weren't there. You could think of it as a first-stage Meta VR Headset product.  

Later, I got a job offer for the Software Developer role, which I did not pursue. I started working with my Dad in our family business where we serve as marketing agents, provide finished textile product services, and help our customers buy the best products at the best prices. It involves negotiating prices, product hunting, market survey, attending offline customers, making quick decisions, and taking care of timely payments as well. I have more than 4.5 years of experience in this field.

 I am also looking for new business opportunities every day. I write my heart out on this website and wish to leave a impression on my readers that gives them joy, motivation and good content that would ultimately help them.
